c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Notepad.exe.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.frmStickyNote.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Notepad\Notepad\obj\Debug\Notepad.GoogleDriveApi.resources
